--Gomez de la Torre Heidi Lizbeth Práctica 2

--Función disyunción
disyuncion::Bool -> Bool -> Bool
disyuncion True True = True
disyuncion True False = True
disyuncion False True = True
disyuncion False False = False

--Función conjunción 
conjuncion:: Bool -> Bool -> Bool
conjuncion True True = True
conjuncion True False = False
conjuncion False True = False
conjuncion False False = False

--Función implicación 
implicacion:: Bool -> Bool -> Bool
implicacion True True = True
implicacion True False = False
implicacion False True = True
implicacion False False = True

--Función bicondicional
dobleImplica:: Bool -> Bool -> Bool
dobleImplica True True = True
dobleImplica True False = False
dobleImplica False True = False
dobleImplica False False = True


maximo::Ord a => [a] -> a
maximo [x] = x
maximo (x:xs) = if x > maximo xs
					then x
					else maximo xs
    